I would ask Jehovah, how am I going to be able to encourage my uncle when I myself need encouragement?
The doctor said, this is your lung. See this mass here? You have lung cancer.
There's a feeling of helplessness when someone you rely on falls ill and they're so little you can do to help or comfort them.
PVG stands for patient visitation group.
It's a group made up of elders organized to visit our hospitalized brothers and sisters. It's a form of shepherding.
We offer practical help, but the focus is on providing spiritual support.
Assuring those friends that Jehovah seized them and that they had the support of both the congregation and Jehovah's Holy Spirit.
The first time I was hospitalized, I don't think I'd even been in there for 24 hours before they started visiting me, even though they didn't know me.
They didn't know who this route was.
When elders from the publishers own congregation participate in these PVG visits, it's invaluable.
Seeing someone they know can provide a lot of comfort for that brother or sister who needs it.
The first step is to listen and let that brother or sister express themselves freely.
Then we address their spiritual need, always using the Bible to offer encouragement.
My uncle was in need of encouragement and frankly I was too.
Just then two men with big smiles on their faces headed our way and I thought, those are doctors.
There are brothers and they introduced themselves as members of the PVG and we were so moved by that because it was exactly what we needed.
My mom's condition had worsened and I had to head to the hospital. We arrived very late around 2 a.m., but still a brother from PVG was there waiting for us.
All our needs were lovingly cared for, we were even provided with a place to stay.
After that visit ended, I remember seeing those brothers outside the hospital on their way out.
Even from where I was, serving from afar, I could tell that those brothers got so much joy from their assignment.
And not only them, their wives too, because they could have spent their day differently on a walk or relaxing.
But no, they chose to be here.
They asked me to read Isaiah 41-10, but I couldn't get through it. I just cried.
So they read it to me and it hits differently when you hear it as Jehovah speaking to you personally.
I never imagined at the moment that I felt the most alone and sad to have what would provide that visit for me and my uncle.
It was as if Jehovah were saying, I am here my daughter, I am right here for you, and I sent these brothers so that they can strengthen and encourage you, so don't give up.
I never imagined at the moment that I felt the most alone and sad, Jehovah would provide that visit for me and my uncle.
May Jehovah continue to bless them and their beautiful work. What those brothers did for me made all the difference.
I felt Jehovah's loving care through these brothers. That brotherly love was made so real to me, they motivated me to give back.
It allows us to convey a small portion of the immense love Jehovah has for us.
And they're always so grateful for the visit, recognizing it as one way Jehovah and his organization care for them.
You can see it on their face and from their expressions that they consider this tender care is coming from Jehovah.
It's so rewarding to be used by Jehovah in this way.